Document changes for Bot API 7.0 (#971)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/guide/reactions.md

# Reactions

Bots can work with message reactions.

> There are two types of reactions, emoji reactions and custom emoji reactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of reactions: emoji reactions and custom emoji reactions.
```

## Reacting to Messages

Bots can add a single emoji reaction to a message.

> If a [Telegram Premium](https://telegram.org/faq_premium?setln=en) user added a custom emoji reaction to a message, bots can add the same reaction to this message, too.

Reviewer: > A custom emoji reaction can be used if it is either already present on the message or **_explicitly allowed by chat administrators_**.\[1\]

[1]: https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#setmessagereaction ^reaction parameter description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bots can add a single emoji reaction to a message.
They can add custom emoji reactions only if it is explicitly allowed by the chat's administrators, or there is a custom emoji reaction previously added by a subscriber of [Telegram Premium](https://telegram.org/faq_premium?setln=en).
```

Author: Right, I'll clarify it.

This is how you can react to messages.

```ts
// Use `ctx.react` for reactions on the current message.
bot.command("start", (ctx) => ctx.react("😍"));
bot.on("message", (ctx) => ctx.react("👍"));

// Use `ctx.api.setMessageReaction` for reactions somewhere else.
bot.on("message", async (ctx) => {
  await ctx.api.setMessageReaction(chat_id, message_id, "🎉");
});

// Use `bot.api.setMessageReaction` outside handlers.
await bot.api.setMessageReaction(chat_id, message_id, "💯");
```

> As usualy, TypeScript will auto-complete the possible emoji for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As usual, TypeScript will provide an auto-complete for the emojis you can use.
```

> The list of available emoji reactions can be found [here](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#reactiontypeemoji).

Author: It's _the_ list, the definitive source of truth for available reactions—not just any list.

::: tip Emoji Plugin
It can be ugly to program with emoji.
Not all systems can display your source code properly.

> Also, it is annoying to copy them from Google all the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, it is annoying to copy them from different places all the time.
```

Author: nice, thanks
